README.md, before:

# Python-React-Demo

This is a working demo application for visualizing daily returns of MAG7 stocks with a Python backend and React frontend.

## 🙏 Purpose

This project demonstrates real-world use of:

- **Backend** built with Python, FastAPI, yfinance, Pydantic, pandas
- **Frontend** built with React, Next.js, Chart.js, Tailwind CSS, Shadcn UI
- **Best practices** in API design, data fetching, and frontend development
- **Easy Local Setup** of both backend and frontend applications
- **Easy Server Deployment** using Koyeb (for Python FastAPI backend) and Vercel (for React Next.js frontend)

## 🚀 Quick Start - Local Dev

To get started with this project on your local dev machine:

- **Backend Setup** - [Follow these instructions for setting up and running the Python FastAPI backend](backend-python-fastapi/README.md)

## 📁 Project Structure

```
Python-React-Demo/
├── backend-python-fastapi/    # Python FastAPI backend
├── frontend-react-nextjs/     # React Next.js frontend (Coming up next)
└── README.md                  # This file
```

Commit message:

starts local setup of fontend React NextJS

README.md, after:

# Python-React-Demo

This is a working demo application for visualizing daily returns of MAG7 stocks with a Python backend and React frontend.

## 🙏 Purpose

This project demonstrates real-world use of:

- **Backend** built with Python, FastAPI, yfinance, Pydantic, pandas
- **Frontend** built with React, Next.js, Chart.js, Tailwind CSS, Shadcn UI
- **Best practices** in API design, data fetching, and frontend development
- **Easy Local Setup** of both backend and frontend applications
- **Easy Server Deployment** using Koyeb (for Python FastAPI backend) and Vercel (for React Next.js frontend)

## 🚀 Quick Start - Local Dev

- **[Backend Setup](backend-python-fastapi/README.md)** - Instructions for setting up and running the Python FastAPI backend
- **[Frontend Setup](frontend-react-nextjs/README.md)** - Instructions for setting up and running the React Next.js frontend

## 📁 Project Structure

```
Python-React-Demo/
├── backend-python-fastapi/    # Python FastAPI backend
├── frontend-react-nextjs/     # React Next.js frontend (Coming up next)
└── README.md                  # This file
```
